Update User Guide - Add layer zoom to extent option (#9502)
geosolutions-it/MapStore2: docs/user-guide/catalog.md

In **General Settings** of a COG source type, it is possible to specify the service `Title` and its `URL`.

<img src="../img/catalog/cog_service.jpg" class="ms-docimage"  style="max-width:600px;"/>

!!! Note

>     To properly display COG in your MapStore map, it is necessary to add the reference system definition supported by the GOG in the MapStore [projectionDefs configuration](https://docs.mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/en/latest/developer-guide/local-config/#projectiondefs-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To properly display COG layers in your MapStore map, it is necessary to add the reference system definition supported by the COG in the MapStore [projectionDefs configuration](https://docs.mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/en/latest/developer-guide/local-config/#projectiondefs-configuration)
```

<img src="../img/catalog/cog_service.jpg" class="ms-docimage"  style="max-width:600px;"/>

!!! Note

>     To be able to view COG layers in different projections it is necessary to add the reference systems supported by the GOG in the MapStore [projectionDefs configuration](https://docs.mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/en/latest/developer-guide/local-config/#projectiondefs-configuration)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    To properly display COG in your MapStore map, it is necessary to add the reference system definition supported by the GOG in the MapStore [projectionDefs configuration](https://docs.mapstore.geosolutionsgroup.com/en/latest/developer-guide/local-config/#projectiondefs-configuration)
```
